---
layout: tutorial
title:  "Painting"
date:   2023-06-21 5:14:31 -0600
categories: tutorials
description: "This is a tutorial"
---


Nothing wrong with washing your brush. Trees grow however makes them happy. Let's give him a friend too. Everybody needs a friend.

Just pretend you are a whisper floating across a mountain. We'll put some happy little leaves here and there. It's so important to do something every day that will make you happy. I'm going to mix up a little color. We’ll use Van Dyke Brown, Permanent Red, and a little bit of Prussian Blue.

Every highlight needs it's own personal shadow. You have freedom here. The only guide is your heart. You can't make a mistake. Anything that happens you can learn to use - and make something beautiful out of it. Brown is such a nice color.

This is an example of what you can do with just a few things, a little imagination and a happy dream in your heart. Pretend you're water. Just floating without any effort. Having a good day. Fluff that up. We start with a vision in our heart, and we put it on canvas.

You better get your coat out, this is going to be a cold painting. Remember how free clouds are. They just lay around in the sky all day long. I sincerely wish for you every possible joy life could bring. I was blessed with a very steady hand; and it comes in very handy when you're doing these little delicate things.

For the lack of a better word I call them hangy downs. That's what makes life fun. That you can make these decisions. That you can create the world that you want. We'll put a happy little sky in here. Isn't that fantastic that you can create an almighty tree that fast?
